SOLDIER Script

Main Location: Roseburg, OR

Al Gordon (Keller): hitman posing as a new in town entreprenuer.
Ed Vandermeer (Burt Engleman): Owner of the Quik Print shop, former crooked accountant who went into witness protection after ratting out former employer
Betty Vandermeer (Betty Engleman): Wife of Ed/Burt, an animal lover

Synopsis:

We start out with an outside shot of this Quik Print shop.  Ed and Betty bustling away. Ed and Betty are just taking in the day.  How everything seems to be good and settled. Al walks in and seeks help with printing some copies of his flyer.  His dog, Soldier ran off.  Betty makes a few suggestions which Al takes down.  She motions to her husband Ed to seek his input.  Ed gives him a few tips and Al is thankful.  Al informs them he needs 50 copies.  Ed gets them for him and Al pays.  They introduce themselves and Al leaves. Few days later, Al returns.  Betty inquires about the dog. Al tells her that the dog actually found it's way back home.  His wife was estatic. Al confesses that he has another motive.  He wanted to see if he could speak with Ed about a possible business venture.  He's new to the town and wanted to get the word out.  Al suggests having a cup of coffee at a local place to hash things out. Ed obliges.  As they walk to the local diner, Ed is stunned by what Al says next.  Al calls Ed by his previous name, Burt.  We learn that Burt was in fact an informant that went into witness protection. But he screwed up by getting caught with his wife out of town, in San Francisco, Keller explains. Keller asks him about this place and how Burt started this print shop business.  He seems to be taking a liking to this town.  Burt agrees the place is nice.  Keller tries to empathize a bit and explains to him if he doesn't take Burt out, someone else will.  But he tells Burt that he likes him and he'll think of something to see if there can be other "arrangements".  We see Keller come out of a gun shop carrying a snub nosed revolver and some casings.  He drives out of town and stops in the middle of nowhere.  He draws the gun, takes a few shots off, just to get a feel for the weapon in hand.  We see some sense of guilt or regret or remorse.  He tosses the remaining bullets, throws the gun into some bush, and gets back in his car and drives back to town. The next day Keller and Burt have lunch at the same diner (small town after all).  Keller explains that he really does enjoy the life out here.  The hustle and bustle of NY has grown weary on him.  Burt asks him about the dog, and where he got the name Soldier from. 
